Clarify schedule is guideline (#272)
scientific-python/specs: spec-0000/index.md

### Drop Schedule

Below is an auto generated schedule with recommended dates for dropping support. We suggest that the next release in a given quarter is
considered as the one removing support for a given item.

> "you may want to delay the removal of support of an older Python version until your package fully works on the newly released Python, thus keeping the number of supported minor versions of Python the same for your package."

Author: ```suggestion
You may want to delay the removal of support of an older Python version until your package fully works on the newly released Python, thus keeping the number of supported minor versions of Python the same for your package.
```

Just removing the quotes.

Author: It's text, text is always in quotes....

### Drop Schedule

Below is an auto generated schedule with recommended dates for dropping support. We suggest that the next release in a given quarter is
considered as the one removing support for a given item.

> In particular for Python releases, as all releases are around October, you may
> want to delay removal of support of an older Python version until your package
> work on the newly released Python version, thus keeping the number of minor
> version of python supported the same for all releases.

Reviewer: I would be even more conservative here, and would say that it has to fully work, aka optional dependencies should be compatible, too.
  
```suggestion
"you may want to delay the removal of support of an older Python version until your package fully works on the newly released Python, thus keeping the number of supported minor versions of Python the same for your package."
```

### Drop Schedule

Below is an auto generated schedule, with recommended date for considering

> stopping support. We suggest that the next release in a given quarter is

Reviewer 2: The grammar might be off here? How about "..., with recommended dates at which dropping support should be considered." Not an expert either tough.

> stopping support. We suggest that the next release in a given quarter is

Reviewer 3: A recommendation is just a suggestion. I am not sure our recommendation is that folks consider the "recommendation." I would just make the recommendation with the understanding that a recommendation is something to consider.

The more qualifying language we add the more legal sounding these documents become and the less clear the guidance is. We can add some, but I just don't want it to go to far.

> stopping support. We suggest that the next release in a given quarter is

Author: The min problem I was starting to adresse is a discussion a couple of hours ago in Napari, where the feeling were both: 

1) We should drop support on October 5th for Python 3.9 (and I don't think we want to convey an exact date).
2) Some people I felt were shocked to have such an early stop-support date, when it was not clear yet when Python 3.12 would be out (it is now, but the whole ecosystem needs rebuild.)

considered as the one removing support for a given item.

In particular for Python releases, as all releases are around October, you may

> want to delay removal of Supports of an older Python version until your package

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
want to delay removal of support of an older Python version until your package
```
